---
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

# PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy describes how taclobananjph.com collects, uses, and
discloses your Personal Information when you visit or make a purchase
from the Site.

#### Collecting Personal Information

When you visit the Site, we collect certain information about your
device, your interaction with the Site, and information necessary to
process your purchases. We may also collect additional information if
you contact us for customer support. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to
any information that can uniquely identify an individual (including the
information below) as "Personal Information". See the list below for
more information about what Personal Information we collect and why.

> Device information

-   #### Examples of Personal Information collected: version of web
    browser, IP address, time zone, cookie information, what sites or
    products you view, search terms, and how you interact with the Site.

-   **Purpose of collection:** to load the Site accurately for you, and
    to perform analytics on Site usage to optimize our Site.

-   **Source of collection:** Collected automatically when you access
    our Site using cookies, log files, web beacons, tags, or pixels

> Order information

-   **Examples of Personal Information collected:** name, billing
    address, shipping address, payment information (including credit
    card numbers, email address, and phone number if applicable.)

-   **Purpose of collection:** to provide products or services to you to
    fulfill our contract, to process your payment information, arrange
    for shipping, and provide you with invoices and/or order
    confirmations, communicate with you, screen our orders for potential
    risk or fraud, and when in line with the preferences you have shared
    with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our
    products or services.

-   **Source of collection:** collected from you.

> Customer support information

-   **Examples of Personal Information collected:** name, billing
    address, shipping address, payment information (including credit
    card numbers, email address, and phone number if applicable.)

-   **Purpose of collection:** to provide customer support.

-   **Source of collection:** collected from you.

#### Sharing Personal Information

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally information. This does not include third parties that help us
run our website and provide the best user experience, but also agrees to
keep everything confidential. We may share your Personal Information to
comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena,
search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to
otherwise protect our rights. These Privacy Policy and any separate
agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and other laws
of the Philippines.

#### Data Security

Security measures are present whenever a form is submitted through our
website, payment gateways, and processing of orders. All inputted card
payment information goes through our SSL certificate to be able to keep
all of it confidential. Basic information such as, but not limited to:
Name, address, email, and contact number will be present in order to
process and deliver your products/services.

#### Data Security

As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with
targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of
interest to you. For example:

-   We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use
    the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal
    Information
    here: [[https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en]](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en).
    You can also opt-out of Google Analytics
    here: [[https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout]](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

-   We use Facebook Pixel to help us understand how our customers use
    the Site.

-   We share information about your use of the Site, your purchases, and
    your interaction with our ads on other websites with our advertising
    partners. We collect and share some of this information directly
    with our advertising partners, and in some cases through the use of
    cookies or other similar technologies (which you may consent to,
    depending on your location).

For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit
the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page
at [[http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work]](http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work).

> You can opt out of targeted advertising by:

-   FACEBOOK
    - [[https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads]](https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads)

-   GOOGLE
    - [[https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous]](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous)

#### Using Personal Information

We use your personal Information to provide our services to you which is
collected from the forms that are present in our website, and tracked
with the use of Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel which includes:
offering products for sale, processing payments, shipping and
fulfillment of your order, and keeping you up to date on new products,
services, and offers.

#### Cookies

A cookie is a small amount of information that's downloaded to your
computer or device when you visit our Site. We use a number of different
cookies, including functional, performance, advertising, purchase
actions, and social media or content cookies. Cookies make your browsing
experience better by allowing the website to remember your actions and
preferences (such as login and region selection). This means you don't
have to re-enter this information each time you return to the site or
browse from one page to another. Cookies also provide information on how
people use the website, for instance whether it's their first time
visiting or if they are a frequent visitor.

#### Changes

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect,
for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal,
or regulatory reasons.

#### Contact

Last updated: September 15, 2021\
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions,
please contact us by e-mail at taclobananjph\@gmail.com
